hello and welcome my name
is simon from the youtube channel will be there
again its news only in these
hans destiny infos run so no
afraid if you look the other videos
i have just followed new imperion of
The let's play, for example, finished
but today in this video it's about
broke new exotic items from the counter
or announced obsessed the bungie
yes instagram has now introduced that
once a day long instagram
have taken over five new items and
an old item with a little bit more
info posted
I will liszt these for you now
First, we have the imperial here
valley great that an exotic titan
helmet the inside of the look like this
little
Well, I do not know if it knows
rocketeer so a little bit a little
bit down the park is too
they are similar to every item
also a bit of the skills
the thing says fly like the
shadows probably for imperial valley course
wrote it that way and he did it in
principle you know the personnel
maybe from the borehole if you are in
the air is and aim downside does so
by his impression one stays briefly in
are in the air and also become places
which one collects when the super meter
is already full in the direction of your milieu
bielecki put that is the last
Just say yalook is pretty
cool that seems so a bit
to be transparent one sees it to him
here are the gears
However, the park is not like that
spectacular I always find myself
example in pvp if somehow long
time stands still one is just a stop
easy goal
as well is also shared somewhere
the class anyway not so much
mobility I might have had me
rather what you want when sharing more
mobility is instead of holding on
a place but yes we go it
directly next the next thing is one
weapon and the always alternating weapons
armor gtc made that is the
chaperone that's such a shotgun one
may have seen before
and the shoots has only one shot
yes a slapshot is here so me
take on her really fat projectile
and gives a genie boost if you can
she has equipped the is of text
mechanic if you are with the l'or
or the story is busy
as well as the weapon manufacturer has the
example also made the last word and
Maybe that 's the one you creak
already seen in some trailers
this shotgun the eso with reversal
reload by having those around them
swinging looks fun in any case
glass is also a unique
animation
in addition, they provide precision skills
the thing better handling better range
bike and stability so if you
just a headset kids is involved
it's kinda 0 and beyond moderately
then zack zack reloaded directly the
next could google for
pvp montage or so in any case
Keep the next thing is a hole
exotic chefs peace train and yes and there
it's just that the thing is
quasi primary weapons ammo if you
So they collect the parcels
transformed in the climate that means you get
only ammo but also has one
chance to get mica as well
your victim with the load so if your
super already full when you again
extra collects your grenades loads
and your ilie is here on i find
they look pretty cool on the model
I have to say that they are
the other probably the most exotic
two others those of the form at least
So that's different now from the form
at least are totally similar and yes know
I do not think so cool in any case
I know how much this looks very much
cheap brings but that is mine
opinion of the very first farming
Exotic really or what you guys
somehow just more materials exist
we will get something like that more often now
most of them, therefore
different scourges are yes too
the ability somehow have you more
to give up your materials
would have to drive planet and so on
But first of all, come for the thing
is a fusion rifle called a telescope
looks like I'm pretty cool and spacey
off and has even cooler park so that
I was very happy when I did that
have read
the thing is a fusion gun what just
the projectile shoots at the enemy
get stuck and then delay the
tournaments with a world exclusive
immediately reminded me of halo am one
big halo threads and there I have
I immediately thought of all the idlers
waited a long time that bungie down
that's what I think is the coolest
Announcement of the exoticism here so yes
that means you were almost on it soon
and then it explodes
to hurt oneself that would be total
Great
besides, it still has the ability to do that
multi cache with this weapon more ops
on light drop for you and yours
Friends, so to speak, necessarily now
Of course, the best in pvp, too
be really cool and whole groups control
or so to do away with, but of course
rather so for the pvp pve pvp suitable
last exotic item are the goals
grips those are for hunter these are these
Bone gloves you might
have seen the right way
Good we do not have one anymore
silvery shine somehow and give you
just an extra milicic and
military you always have one
chance to reload your primary weapon
yes, it's pretty cool I do not know if
you can get three jerks though
one the appropriate shield with the
hunter but you can definitely two
Smoke booms get him the new one
mini of the new so great that it
Could give a lot of crass combos
this part looks just right
cool is definitely one of
where yes I'll look right after
Lastly , it's such a bonus
I said at the beginning of five just because
the next one has already been seen
that prefer single and the happy fusion
rifle I do not have to tell it again
but we already know what he is doing
is just a mail then almost shoots
through the opponents and just bounces
on other surfaces from that will be
item will be what you get over this long
Collect quest series in the North drake
you have to collect the items
that needs to reassemble and so on
In any case, it sounds natural
also pretty cool maybe many
speculation may be the next
I do not want gala horn or something like that right now
be sure to say but is definitely
a weapon that feels pretty cool
I'll find an art rail for everyone
a good idea is a good idea
but that was all I have
so easy now for you
summarized for those of you
who did not hear that
I hope you liked it
otherwise you know more of the
if there are videos on my channel
you liked it I would
of course also taken to the top
that keeps helping me keep that up
my videos also seen by me people
otherwise all that remains is to
Say, see you in the next video
take care